Report to the Emperor
Xinzheku
The slave has already ordered
How much is a night?
Little Star is so thin
In case overwork becomes ill
Isn't the life of the palace maid not the life?
Am I a tyrant?
Ah no no no no you don't stop me
i
The Xinzheku matter is over
I remember that Tai Hospital has developed a new hand cream
You can personally send it to the palace staff of Xinzheku.
Yes
Well, the Sacred Heart is unpredictable
I didn't know that Xiaoxingzi received the hand cream.
This is royal grace
She must be touched
Your Majesty, the people of Dadiao in Qianzhou have suffered for a long time
Your Majesty, please make a decision early
The minister believes that an altar should be set up in the suburbs
Ask God for early rain
I don't think it's appropriate
How can we pin the safety of the people on the illusory praying for rain?
You should help dig and drain in the private sector.
It diverts the water from the river to the crops.
At least it can solve the urgent need
impending drought
The Manchu Dynasty was civil and military, but there was no good plan for a long time
Thousands of officials in the Zhongzhao Kingdom every year
Is it for raising waste?
Return to the Emperor
I was worried about the drought and Qin Tian saw Lord Li watching the sky at night and learned that the drought was caused by monsters in the harem
The monster is this monster from the cold palace
It is the guilty concubine Shen shi
It is necessary to clear the inner palace of the Shen family and other people before the world can be peaceful
What nonsense are you talking about?
Drought concerns people's livelihood
How can you pull on evil for a while
The minister's every sentence is true
If you want to quell the drought
It is necessary to kill the witch
Otherwise, there will be a severe drought in the world.
Minister reconsideration
The Emperor Empress Dowager ordered someone to arrest Shen shi and other people
What!